Hey, good morning family. Thank you for joining me today. We've had some interesting things going on, right? The blood moon happened over America last night.
I think it was interesting because I was talking to the Lord about it and he brought up the word that he gave me concerning Trump cracking his whip.
He was standing on a ringmaster podium and he was cracking his whip towards the bear, cracking his whip towards the dragon.
It was stunning them for a season, because it makes you pause whenever you crack a whip towards an animal. That's what I was seeing in the spirit realm that day.
The Lord showed me that they did not want the West telling them what to do anymore, and the BRICS nations were devising a plan. I saw an enemy within America, a Red Dawn.
That was where I first heard the Red Dawn experience: that there were strategic cells in America that would rise up and try to cause havoc. I called it a Red Dawn experience—something very serious.
I saw Cuba involved in this, and there was a tie of Cold War alliances, a KGB spirit that was over Russia and Putin, and it would rise up in the days ahead.
I heard the words 'peace and safety,'then 'sudden destruction.'I saw that going on with Iran and Syria.
I saw Turkey and their Prime Minister rising up as their President was rising up to go and protect Syria with these rebels, with the persecution happening to the Christians right now in Syria.
I saw an alliance with Turkey and Syria in the days ahead that will be like a brother coming to their aid as Israel strikes Syria.
I saw them coming to the defense of Syria. I saw certain strikes coming against Iran, but they were not as defensive over Iran as they were Syria.
I thought that was interesting; they were treating Iran as an unwanted stepchild.
I saw Turkey really coming to the defense of Syria in the days ahead.
I saw an uprising of Putin, Xi Jinping, and North Korea and these other nations coming against what they want to do with the United States currency, the dollar, and all these trade wars.
I told you major trade wars were coming. People ask, 'Brandon, what do you think?'No, I'm talking about something serious with medical supplies and things going on with China.
This is just the beginning of what I have seen coming as Trump tries to redo America and make things great again.
I told you I saw Canada, and even what he said today: he said the only way I can see it working for Canada is them becoming the 51st state, period.
They will have to join up for them to be able to do anything; them becoming a state to become part of America. It's what I saw in the spirit.
Everything he's saying is exactly what I saw, but I saw Canada becoming part of America and Mexico eventually.
Canada came first, then Mexico. I saw Mexico, Canada, and America becoming one with finances.
I warned you all about that in 2023. We're in 2025 and it's coming in the news.
Now we have the blood moon that I believe represents war. We're seeing a ceasefire agreement come out the day of the blood moon.
That's not a coincidence, folks. I told you to watch the blood moon; this was a strategic moon, a very significant sign in the heavens.
I told you we had a paper-thin sheet going on with Israel and Iran.
I've seen strategic meetings with Israel and America that I cannot go into detail about.
The Lord showed me specific targets that are being planned and done right now because of Iran's nuclear capabilities.
I told you a great setback was coming to Iran—a crippling of the economy and their infrastructure more than what you'll ever realize.
It will happen like that, and everybody's going to go, 'Whoa!'There will be an antisemitism rise against Israel more than what we see in the Palestinian protests.
I saw an uprising in America with antisemitism against Israel and against Trump, because of what they're about to do in the days ahead.
That's when I saw the war drums beating with Turkey. They were beating these huge war drums and started going alongside Russia and Iran, coming to the aid of Syria.
I saw chemical biological weapons coming out of Syria—it was like a mustard gas. I warned you all about this.
It was like a yellow liquid in 50-gallon drums, and it was very serious; it made people pass away instantaneously.
It was very bad and made huge, red, fiery boils all over their bodies.
It was a very painful, tragic death. People were screaming in the streets, in agonizing pain.
I told you we have an enemy within. I told you about the trucks and the vans; those didn't go away.
They're waiting for something. It's almost like a chess game.
I don't say that to scare everybody; I tell it to warn everyone because that's my job as a Watchman.
I told you about the food shortages and weather manipulation that will be used as a weapon from other nations against us, making storms strong.
People are playing with things they don't need to be playing with. I saw Black Rock and these evil people.
I saw very evil strategic things happening with certain banking industries like the mafia or the cartel.
They are funneling it through, and as Trump rises up to try to do his thing, they will try to do things against the economy to make him bow down.
I saw strategic plots against his properties, his children, and his grandchildren.
We are praying a hedge of protection around the things he loves the most.
When you touch certain things with the Epstein files, I saw strategic demonic attacks, just like it was with JFK because he was coming against the government and what they wanted to do. He did not want to go to war.
It sounded to me like, even with Vietnam, they were looking for a president who was a 'yes man.'When you get in the way of what these evil cartel people are doing, they try to do what they do.
We're wrestling against demonic spirits that have been maneuvering for a long time.
We have to pray that God gives people wisdom and we put leadership in positions able to combat this, to bring in the harvest and the lost, and then go home.
Let's pray. Father, we thank you for every person represented here. We thank you that there's peace.
We do not want war; we do not want to see people lose their lives for this stuff. Father, we thank you for President Trump.
We pray over his mind right now, that he is not in a spirit of confusion, but has soundness and peace that passes all understanding.
We pray for a supernatural covering over him, that he has the mind of Christ and divine direction.
We thank you for supernatural Solomon-type wisdom falling on them right now.
They're taking that spaceship and putting it back together, just like you showed me, and they're going to make it functional.
I thank you for a godly, God-fearing president who prays and seeks you daily.
We pray a hedge of protection around him today. We thank you that his marriage is strong.
We pray a supernatural covering over his marriage and over his children.
I thank you that they'll make it through this time of testing. We believe the Lord is leading and guiding him.
Thank you for our nation turning around and becoming godly again.
We thank you for all the nations around, for Canada and their Parliament, that they'll have a major outpouring of the Spirit on their nation. Mexico will have a major move of God.
The woman—I don't know her name, but she's running the presidency there—I thank you that she would not be subject to cartels manipulating her, but she would rise up and do things godly too.
All the way down to Puerto Rico and South America, over Brazil and Colombia, I thank you that Venezuela will even have a move of God.
There will be a shaking to awaken all throughout South America.
Millions will come to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
In South Korea, false religion would be broken off, and they would see that the God of 'I Am that I Am'is real.
All over North Korea, deal with and expose the dictator Kim Jong Un, Father.
I thank you that you deal with his sister and the family, removing them in the name of Jesus just like you dealt with Pharaoh.
There's a shaking in that Iron Curtain. All over Xi Jinping and China, a shaking to awaken over China so that Communist party no longer holds the people captive.
Let the fire of the Holy Ghost go and visit all of Asia, throughout India, Pakistan, and Vietnam.
Thank you for one last push over Europe, over Germany, Finland, Ireland, Italy, and all of it. I thank you for a mighty move of the Spirit.
Many have turned to satanism and atheism, but there will be a true awakening, a shaking to awaken with the fire of the Holy Spirit. Thank you that you've come to set the captives free.
When they go into these places, the demons will cry out and there will be instantaneous deliverances because the glory of God is radiating on us.
I want to be 'church unusual.'I want to be at the spout where the glory comes out. I pray over their marriages and families today.
We are so quick to obey, so quick to listen, so quick to say, 'Yes, Lord, here am I, send us.'We thank you for the revival and the awakening coming like we've never seen before.
We pray over Elon Musk. We call him to get born again. He's been underneath great persecution.
I know what you showed me about him. We call him into the Kingdom of God.
I know he's bringing in the beast system, but you have a plan for his life. You can still turn it around.
Use Starlink for the glory of God to help people and spread the gospel throughout the whole world.
We speak to cryptos and finances to turn around. Satan, get your hands off of our finances.
We call in money from the north, south, east, and west. We speak for brand new automobiles paid for in the name of Jesus.
We're believing for supernatural debt cancellation, for better jobs, raises, and bonuses.
Whatever they put their hands to will prosper. Give them a god-given idea on how to bring finances to their family.
Every seed produces after its own kind. We're calling in an orchard of financial blessing.
You said you would lend unto many nations and not borrow. God is a God of overflow.
We thank you that we have more than enough to give to the kingdom of God. We call those things that be not as though they were.
We're calling in good furniture, good beds with no springs poking you, good mattresses, good clothes.
We're sending our angels out to bring these things in. We thank you for great favor today—favor with our jobs, our bosses, and wherever we go.
We believe this is a time of favor and an abundant harvest. We're calling in our unsaved loved ones. Do you all believe that today?
You have to be fully persuaded that the seeds you've sowed in the past are going to come to harvest at last.
God shall supply all my needs according to His riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
I'm the head and not the tail, above and not beneath. I will go through and I will not go under.
My God is a good Father, and He loves me enough to provide for me, protect me, heal me, and give me a good future.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our minds. We will not have war; we are turning this around.
We get ourselves ready because our redemption draws nigh. I believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost and praying in tongues.
Read the book 'Why Tongues'by Brother Kenneth E. Hagin. If you don't understand it, read about it: 'Why Tongues'by Kenneth Hagin.
I see a tsunami wave and a major earthquake around Alaska. I see the water flooding in and it's changed the landscape.
I see the crabs running as the water's being sucked back before a major wave.
I see the Earth splitting—a huge trench from this, so deep it's black. I see Trump striking that whip again in Europe.
I see hidden treasures in the Earth when the earthquake takes place—a red substance, it almost looks like ruby.
The hidden wealth is springing forth. I see a river flowing from the Throne of God. Drink!
It's time to go to the deeper places—ankle-deep, knee-deep, waist-deep, and over-the-head deep.
Out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water. Stir them up!
What seemed impossible will soon be possible. I see people going on vacations.
You need a rest; there's a refreshing coming on you. Braden says, I ask you how long I've been praying now. I pray like this a lot, so I can lose track of time.
I saw many visions: earthquakes, an uncovering of finances, something like a sapphire stone in the ground that almost looked alive.
I saw a major tsunami wave coming around Seattle and Alaska.
There's hidden wealth. Times of refreshing are coming. We believe on this channel in the power of the Holy Ghost.
Like the video, subscribe, click the notification bell. God bless you all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much.
God bless you all and we will see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.